presumptuous
The Governor invited General Ye to move to Hongcheng
8,653 square kilometers
Only this capsule is the vantage point
Hongcheng has a population of nearly 57.8 million
Only like General Ye
Divinity
Only those who are hanging in the sky are qualified to sit on it
You're showing off here with a fake order
Return to General Moye
After General Ye arrives
Death is not a pity
As far as I know
General Ye led the army and performed together
Four hours after the funeral of those who do not enter Shangguan
If he knew someone had made him General B
I'm afraid everyone here will be implicated
You crazy woman
If you want to die, we will not stop you.
But don't implicate us
General Ye and the Governor will be here soon
You get off me
I'm not coming down
You can't last long.
Hello 7 sea
Did you know about Miss Mu?
know
How is the situation at Yinfenglou now?
Everyone is here
Miss Mu is looking for Qinghe
But your eldest sister refuses to teach others
He also framed Miss Mu for seducing you privately behind my back
Cheat your money
Miss Mu caused public anger
Now it is being besieged by the four major families of red dust
I wanted to come forward to clarify
But Miss Mu hinted at me not to interfere
Bastards, a bunch of blind idiots
My family didn't let you interfere
It should be that I haven't found the celebration yet.
I'm worried that that bastard Chen Hui will jump over the wall in a hurry
Hurt to celebrate
So what do we do now?
As far as I know
Chen Hui should take Qinghe to do good for labor
You send someone to find it right away
Be sure to ensure the safety of Qinghe Xiaojiang
General Ye and I will be here soon